hi this is Michelle from tool farm and
today I'm going to show you how to do a
couple of cool tricks with red giant
magic bullet color ista - is Frank and
his shirt no this is bright red there's
not a lot of other colors in the shot
besides tan so we're gonna isolate that
red color and do a couple of things with
it first we will change the color of the
red shirt and make it purple or blue
second we'll isolate that red and remove
all the other color in the shot alright
so I have my footage here of Frank which
you've seen a couple of times and I'm
going to apply magic bullet color ista
to to the clip and I'm gonna go find a
spot where his whole shirt is on the
screen and you see color is - over here
in my effect controls I will just twirl
down secondary this is a secondary key
that we're gonna use on the shirt so I'm
gonna click edit and that will open this
pop-up window I have this box with a
selection area and I can drag over top
of his shirt to select those colors and
you can see there's a mat down here on
the right hand side and there's also at
the top area is where I can add or
subtract from this I don't want to
really grab the lightness from this but
I do want to grab the hue and saturation
I just want to keep an eye on the mat
here so what I'm gonna do now is select
the subtract button at the top and drag
over areas I don't want selected now you
can see in the mat it's mostly his shirt
selected however it's not quite enough
so I'm going to use this tool down at
the bottom and drag up my selection to
fill that whole area of red and drag it
over a little bit to be left until I
have more selected I can also adjust the
softness just a little bit I don't want
it too soft because then I'll get some
haloing around it and I can go in and
add more to the effect as well however
notice if I'm adding more to the mat
then I end up getting these white spots
out here which is not what I really want
I can also go into the mat and select
the area well we'll call that good I'm
soften up a tiny bit more I can always
go back and change this if it's not what
I might want so this is all set I'll
click OK and now I can use the secondary
hue settings here and just twirl them a
little bit there's a nice orange yellow
now if you get too far away from the
original red you're gonna see some red
inside the shirt let me zoom in a bit
and I'll show you it's not quite perfect
you can see that there's red around
there although it doesn't look so bad
another little trick here is I can turn
up the top a little bit and that will
soften up the the area so let me go back
so I'm not so much of a distance away
from the original color and it looks
more natural there's a nice pink so
here's the original alright and here is
that video again no tracking involved
just color east of pulling 18 all right
the next trick I want to show you is how
you can isolate that red shirt and make
everything else just black and white so
what I'm gonna do is keep the effect as
I have it here but instead of changing
the hue I'll just set that back to zero
I'm going to set the secondary
saturation to negative 100 now you don't
see much going on here the shirts being
deselect it a little bit but I'm gonna
go back under that secondary key and
click Edit and then click invert and now
you'll notice you'll see the shirt a bit
more I may want to adjust this mask a
little bit so I get a better selection
that looks better all right so I'll
click OK and there you have it color
ista is available at tool farm for 10%
off every day so stop on by and pick it
up it's part of the magic bullet suite I
hope you learned something today thanks
for watching